README.md, before:

# Hang GIF Man

A modern React-based Hangman game with animated GIFs that show your progress. Built with React 19 and Vite for a fast, smooth experience.

## 🎮 Features

- Classic Hangman gameplay
- Animated GIF feedback for wrong guesses
- Success animation when you win
- Responsive design
- Keyboard input support
- Vibration feedback (on supported devices)

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **React 19.2.4** - Latest React with modern features
- **Vite 7** - Fast build tool and dev server
- **Vitest 4** - Modern testing framework
- **SCSS Modules** - Scoped styling
- **React Testing Library** - Component testing

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 20+
- npm

### Installation

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install
```

### Development

```bash
# Start development server
npm run dev
```

The app will be available at `http://localhost:3000`

### Building for Production

```bash
# Build for production
npm run build

# Preview production build
npm run preview
```

### Testing

```bash
# Run tests
npm test

# Run tests with UI
npm run test:ui
```

### Code Formatting

```bash
# Format code with Prettier
npm run format
```

## 📁 Project Structure

```
src/
├── components/
│   ├── Board/          # Game board and logic
│   ├── Header/         # App header
│   └── Layout/         # Main layout wrapper
├── data/
│   └── words.json     # Word list
└── index.jsx          # App entry point
```

## 🌐 Demo

Live demo: [https://hangman-gif.netlify.app/](https://hangman-gif.netlify.app/)

## 📝 License

This project was created for learning purposes.

Commit message:

docs: update README to reflect new keyboard input support, accessibility features, and correct local server URL

README.md, after:

# Hang GIF Man

A modern React-based Hangman game with animated GIFs that show your progress. Built with React 19 and Vite for a fast, smooth experience.

## 🎮 Features

- Classic Hangman gameplay
- Animated GIF feedback for wrong guesses
- Success animation when you win
- Responsive design
- Keyboard input support (mouse and keyboard)
- Vibration feedback (on supported devices)
- Full accessibility support (ARIA labels, keyboard navigation, screen reader friendly)

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **React 19.2.4** - Latest React with modern features
- **Vite 7** - Fast build tool and dev server
- **Vitest 4** - Modern testing framework
- **SCSS Modules** - Scoped styling
- **React Testing Library** - Component testing

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 20+
- npm

### Installation

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install
```

### Development

```bash
# Start development server
npm run dev
```

The app will be available at `http://localhost:5173` (or next available port)

### Building for Production

```bash
# Build for production
npm run build

# Preview production build
npm run preview
```

### Testing

```bash
# Run tests
npm test

# Run tests with UI
npm run test:ui
```

### Code Formatting

```bash
# Format code with Prettier
npm run format
```

## 📁 Project Structure

```
src/
├── components/
│   ├── Board/          # Game board and logic
│   ├── Header/         # App header
│   └── Layout/         # Main layout wrapper
├── data/
│   └── words.json     # Word list
├── constants.js       # Game constants and configuration
├── index.jsx          # App entry point
└── vitest.setup.js    # Test setup and mocks
```

## 🌐 Demo

Live demo: [https://hangman-gif.netlify.app/](https://hangman-gif.netlify.app/)

## 📝 License

This project was created for learning purposes.
